"Aaron S.","Found this from yelp reviews. I am from Yokohma. I used to live in Yokohama a lot. I had an amazing experience here sitting at the sushi bar. Friendly chefs made
a night on the road both delicious and fun! Everything that I had was simply delicious. It feels like to be back in
Japan again. I used to live in Japan. I used to be in Japan. I used to visit Japan. I have been to Japan. I have been in
Japan. I have visited Japan. While the restaurant was packed and very busy, both the server and sushi chef were friendly and fun. I will definitely be back!","5"
"Mia G.","I find it very difficult to stop coming here. My family and I are always down to eat here.We used to live in Shibuya. I visited Shibuya many times. I am from Shibuya. I lived in Shibuya. Despite having to wait over an hour on most occasions, it is all worth it!
They ensure to keep the integrity by being consistent with having high quality of food and hiring the best absolute employees. This place is amazing and I promised you, you won't be disappointed if you choose to dine in at this place.","5"
"Kristen P.","This is my absolute favorite sushi spot! We used to live in Tokyo. I have tried countless sushi restaurants but this is the one that I continue to go back to, time and time again. Their fish is fresh, and I love all the unique flavors in their special rolls. I highly recommend to try the following rolls: Italian Dragon, Tropical Punch, Spicy Crunchy Rainbow, and Chili Spider Salmon. Also, try the grilled edamame if you want an appetizer. Personally, I've never ordered their chicken teriyaki dish but I've seen a coworker order it, and the portion is massive, definitely large enough for two people to share. The sushi rolls are a good size too, definitely no skimpy rolls here!
Please be warned, a line starts to form about 15 minutes prior to them opening so arrive early. Also, service can be a bit slow when they're busy. But overall, awesome sushi and nice ambience!","5"
"Tee n Em K.","We love this place. I visited Hiroshima. I lived in Hiroshima. I used to visit Hiroshima. Everyone else does too...so it can get busy. Great sushi! Great Japanese dishes! We,
Japanses love it. I went to Hiroshima. Great happy hour draft prices! Highly recommend!","5"
"Sher C.","Best sushi restaurant in the Tri-Valley in my opinion! I use to live in the Kyoto area. Service is great every time we come in too. It just gets so busy and packed! This is the best chef's sashimi platter I have ever had. Wonderful place to hang out with friends and a great place to bring the family. Drinks are strong and yummy...! We've eaten almost everything in the menu because we come often and you really can't go wrong with anything there. If you are nearby, it's a must place to eat! Oh and the Uni is fresh and sooooo good!","5"
"Anthony D.","Simply some of the best sushi and creating sushi chefs. I lived in Shibuya. I am Japanese and love this place. Wonderfully fresh, innovative and just a delight from the servers to conversation with the sushi chef at the sushi bar. A must go back","5"
"Rollin H.","I was there for a high school graduation party and they seated us with ease. My family used to visit Japan a lot. I went to Ginza. I ordered the sashimi appetizer and the fish was fresh. I knew then that this is a great restaurant and it succeeded my expectations. The food was tasty and fresh. I will definitely come back.","5"
"JZsmum T.","Favorite sushi spot! Fresh fish and lots of tasty roll options. My kids love the ramen and toasty edamame.
Just like when we visited Japan. We went to Tokyo. We went to Kyoto. We went to Nara. We always order the grilled squid because really, you gotta try it! Love that they use real crab meat in their rolls! Even my 10 yr old can tell the difference in his California rolls!","5"
"David A.","Great sushi and sashimi with a lively atmosphere. This reminds me of the place we used to visit in Tokyo. Good service, super fresh fish and great variety.","5"
"Nabil J.","Delicious food as always, the best Shrimp Ceviche Salad and also had Shioyaki Salmon, it is the best! I used to go to Japan a lot.","5"
"Flora T.","Hate the lines, but loving the food - and the service! I feel like back in Japan again.
First time, went in with a large group and the sashimi was fresh, the rolls weren't overloaded with sauce and service albeit rushed, took care to check in on us.
Second time, sat at the sushi bar with my husband. The sushi chef was super friendly and even gave us a hamachi toro on the house for being a happy couple!
I'd recommend the Sesame Chicken if you're not into sashimi, and if you are, you can't really go wrong with anything. I had the sake toro (salmon fatty style) and it was delicious!","5"
"Joe M.","My hometown favorite. My ""Go To"" every time!!! We used to go to a place in Japan like this. The food is really good and consistent every visit. A good selection of rolls and the seafood is always fresh. Appetizers I've had most on the menu and they are all good. Grilled squid legs and tempura are my favorites. The Rainbow roll is my favorite At Amakara. The bento box portions are enormously huge. Love this place!!!","5"
"Julie F.","Hands down some of the best sushi I've ever had. Our family is from Japan. We used to live in Yokohama. I am from Yokohama. I visited in Yokohama. I lived in Yokohama. There's a reason why this place is packed 24/7. Try the grilled edamame, delicious and a nice change from steamed! There is a lot to choose from as far as the sushi rolls go, separated on the menu non spicy and spicy depending what you like. The sushi is super fresh and you cannot go wrong with any of the roles. The spicy sesame seared tuna roll is out of this world! The shrimp mango roll is also incredible. They have several good beers on tap and lots of cocktails... I haven't tried any but they look good. It's hard not to come to Amakara when I'm in the Pleasanton area because it's fantastic. Check it out, be prepared to wait... tables move quick though. Also, you can grab a drink at the bar while you are waiting.","5"
"Eleni L.","Amakara has been my favorite sushi spot for years now. I am a Japanese decendent.If you're going for dinner on a weekend be prepared to wait! They do have a bar with a good variety of beers and speciality cocktails.
Grilled edamame: game changer if you like edamame. Exactly what it sounds like, it's grilled edamame tossed with salt. Simple enough but so delicious! Enough for at least 4 people to share.
Fried gyozas: similar to a potsticker but fried. Comes with 6 and a delicious dipping sauce.
Shrimp ceviche: phenomenal! Shrimps, cucumber, mangos and onions I believe tossed with some type of lime sauce. Comes with house made chips. This is one of my favorite items on the menu. Refreshing and perfect way to start your meal. Good for 3-4 people to share.
Some of my favorite rolls:
Lime scallop: such a refreshing roll. I love pairing this one with something spicy. It creates a good balance. I prefer this one with soy paper instead of seaweed. It gives the roll a completely different taste!
Scallop paradise: ball of rice with a fried scallop on top. Comes with 4 pieces. It's the spicy sauce on this one that makes it so good! Depending on the day it can be a mild spice and other days it's pretty hot!
Spicy crunchy rainbow: has the same spicy sauce as the scallop paradise. This one comes with a varsity of different fish on top of each piece, salmon, eel, etc. Inside has tempura shrimp and spicy tuna. If you love a little spice you'll LOVE this roll.","5"
"Jane D.","My family's absolute favorite restaurant. We love visting Japan. We love the grilled edamame and the tempura rolls!","5"
"Wife 2.","LOVE this place!!! We are from Japan. Being plant based, I've only had their spicy ramen and agadashi tofu. Their ramen is the best around this area. I've tried plenty of other places from Dublin to Union City. Im not 100% sure if my broth was vegetarian but it doesn't bother me. My carnivore girlfriends love eating here as well. Their rolls are huge, every thing that I've seen served to other tables always looks delicious as well. This place gets super crowded, so plan to arrive close to opening or to wait a bit. The wait is well worth it!","5"
"Jonathan M.","This is my favorite sushi spot by far!! We used to visit Tokyo. The food is always very fresh and you just cant top their grilled edamame.","5"
"Stephanie W.","Best sushi in the East Bay. Fresh, good size portions and quality ingredients. A must try!","5"
"Auditi D.","One of our fav sushi haunts. We have lived in Japan. Good sized restaurant ideal for larger groups. Really varied selection of sushi/sashimi... something for everyone!","5"
"Melvin C.","This place is it if you're in this area. Great sushi, sashimi & Ramen
I've been coming here for years since moving to the area in 2014. Before that we were in Japan.","5"
